What I want to express further...
The value of mapping...
But air forces have developed스가 if you are able to create
reefs use full recovery
here many of the other military weapons
The last question is about the impact of the war on our country.
The most important question for us is how the war will affect our country.
When the war began, there was a rumor that there was a thunder.
Should we really see it?
During the last war, our country was in the war, but only a part of the war was fought.
There was also a lot of room for development abroad.
So we were surrounded by the so-called high-level forces.
I think that the situation is very serious.
Currently, our country is in a very free position,
with the policy of the deep-sea war.
However, our country is facing the death of the war.
There is a great lesson in the construction of the new territory of the East Asia.
So there is no room for development abroad.
The EFU, which was in charge of the construction of the new territory,
has been able to save the Shina island as it has been.
However, the wind is not blowing only in Japan.